instance : An instance is a virtual server(VM) for running applications on Amazon's EC2. it has its own Hard drive, network connection , OS etc
but it is actually all virtual.

CloudWatch : is a monitoring and management service.

security groups : is like a firewall to your instance. its for security purposes.

Elastic Beanstalk : When we create this Elastic beanstalk environment at that time it will create a EC2 instance by itself and inside that instance
it will register tomcat server and so inside that tomcat server we can deploy our web application and our web application war file will be stored
in S3 Bucket and from that S3 bucket the EC2 instance will load the war file and it will deploy it in tomcat server.

We upload War file to tomcat server

IAM : identity access management : we first add a group and then to that group we add users and then policies

subnets :  are logical subdivision of a larger network

route table : contains a set of rules used to determine where network traffic from your VPC is directed.

VPC : virtual private cloud. with amazon vpc you can host a web application with additional layer of privacy and security

Amazon Route 53 : is a highly available and scalable cloud domain name system or dns web service.

CloudFront : if you access a particular website from a region which is far a way from the server hosting the website then its difficult to access it
            in a short time its tedius and time expensive so we use cloudFront to make the process faster and faster.

Cloud based Monitoring :   we need this monitoring for two basic reasons 1.if lets say during night time only a few ppl use our application/website so most of the servers or CPUs are idle
                           so we must have set an alarm to notify us to shut down the servers or take some appropriate action.
                           2. if we dont have this monitoring and if someday there is a downtime on our website i.e our website does not work for a period of time then we may lose
                             our potential customers which access our website. so that's why we need 'Cloud Based Moniotoring' system.


CloudWatch : is a powerful monitoring tool. amazon cloudwatch is the component of Amazon Web services that provides real time monitoring of AWS resources and customers applications
             running on amazon infrastructure. example at 04:25

Amazon CloudWatch events : 04:34 . An event indicates a change in your AWS environment. AWS resource generate events when their state changes.e.g when the state of a EC2 instance
                           changes from active to stop or from active to terminated so in this way an event is generated.
Tomorrow starts from 4.37

